---
layout: "post"
title: "And the best is yet to come"
date: "2025-04-29 18:42:24"
modified: "2025-04-29 18:42:24"
slug: ""
status: "draft"
author: "illphated"
categories:
  - "Uncategorized"
tags: []
---

**The great experiment failed miserably I am so sorry to announce it, but it has been a complete failure and now we're all suffering more importantly me at least to me that's the most important. I don't know about you but to me, I'm the most important.**

It fucking failed big time look around you listen outside for 10 seconds

I left because I wanted to see a unified culture. I have never seen that before once in my life and look at how amazing it is.

I hate to break it to you, but you can't have a cat get along with a mouse

It's just in their blood to get rid of mice. I'm not gonna try to change that we've tried to change that it hasn't changed. It will never change. I'm sorry to break it to you. I'll get some saline for your eyes and I'll help you unclog your ears.

What more do you want me to say I'm not in charge here. God is

I'm not trying to get executed like MK here. I'm not that radical. I just wanna grow rice in Vietnam and be happy but now I have to do this just to survive in my own freaking country. I won't have kids until it's safe. They deserve that at a minimum. minimums! Bare fucking minimum.

I don't make the fucking rules. We tried the great experiment and look around you now. You wanna go to McDew's with me

What the fuck is happening?

Now that's a speech where are my applauses. Oh, I forgot you were scrolling. TikTok weren't you? That's OK we didn't need you anyway. I'll do it myself from a foreign fucking country a better country if you ask me. a unified country. now go back to ChatGPT and respond to your emails. Copy is control. C paste is control V. lazy fuck.

I get more done after jerking off on my bed with my MacBook than you do in an entire fucking month.

Fuck you more.

And the best is yet to come.

how’s your charger your Dodge charger?  I hope it's not leaking oil.
